finally I'm gonna use my YouTube channel
to talk about something that fucking
matters top 5 reasons Ben Affleck
shouldn't be Batman there was quite a
stir the other day when Ben Affleck was
announced as Batman and the pendulum has
kind of swung both ways on the issue at
first I was like fuck Ben Affleck he's
gonna be horrible and then as people got
sick of hearing that the pendulum swung
the other way and it's like oh no he's
gonna be great and you you guys had
doubts about Heath Ledger - and look how
that turned out he was great
well allow me to bring the pendulum back
the other fuckin way and say no he's not
gonna be great he's gonna fuckin suck
reason number 5 he sucked in daredevil
the problems with 2003's daredevil can't
be pinned entirely or even mostly on Ben
Affleck the movie was a disaster on all
fronts but a flex performance as
daredevil is bad how bad you might ask
well let's just take a look I've been
thinking about this day since I was 12
years old
let me ask you an honest question
Internet if Ben Affleck can't cut it as
daredevil how do you expect him to fill
the shoes of the caped fucking crusader
you can't expect that you can't honestly
expect that number four he is not a good
actor Geely phantoms reindeer games
bounce jersey girl
Pearl Harbor these are bad movies and
Ben Affleck is bad in them the town Argo
Good Will Hunting these are good movies
and Ben Affleck is OK in them just okay
he can be a service ibly decent actor in
a great movie a good movie he can be
passable but you know what this movie
Batman vs. Superman is not going to be a
strong movie it's going to be directed
by Zach fucking Snyder okay with Zack
Snyder at the helm we're probably going
to be seeing the same Ben Affleck that
we saw in phantoms and despite what Jay
and Silent Bob would have you believe
Affleck was not the bomb and phantoms yo
unless of course it was a bomb of the
stink variety
oh yeah oh yeah I fucking went there
number three this isn't a Batman chin
look at it it just isn't number two he
doesn't look intimidating hypothetical
question you wake up in the middle of
night you're naked you're defenseless
Ben Affleck is in your room waving a
baseball bat around screaming about how
he's gonna beat your ass what do you do
that's right you go back to sleep
because it's just fucking Ben Affleck I
don't know why they continue to cache
this guy in action movies when he's so
clearly a force to be easily reckoned
with he just has a soft face there's
nothing
stern about him he looks more like an
affable buddy than a badass crime
fighter and this would be fine if he
were only expected to play Bruce Wayne
but he's also got to play Batman
remember the daredevil clip yeah that's
his idea of intimidation do you really
want that to be Batman look all I'm
saying is that if Ben Affleck wanted to
fight you and at the same moment you
stepped into a pile of dog shit the dog
shit would be your primary concern
number one this is George Clooney all
over again a lot of people are making
the argument that we shouldn't discount
Ben Affleck because we discounted Heath
Ledger and he was so impressive as the
Joker um there's a lot of differences
between Ben Affleck and Heath Ledger
Heath Ledger was basically unknown when
he was cast as the Joker most people
really only knew him from Brokeback
Mountain where he played a gay cowboy
all right Ben Affleck has been around if
you're even someone who casually watches
movies you've seen Ben Affleck's fucking
face in several fucking films and you
know the quality and the level of
performance you can expect from Ben
Affleck and you know damn fucking well
that he is not fit to be Batman which
brings me to the fucking point this is
George Clooney all over again remember
how everyone said George Clooney was
going to be a terrible Batman remember
how everyone said he was totally wrong
for the part remember how everyone was
concerned that he didn't have the right
sort of gravitas to play the Caped
Crusader remember how fuckin right
everyone was remember how terrible it
actually was when it came out it was
actually worse than people expected I
don't think that this Ben Affleck thing
is a Heath Ledger situation I think it's
a George Clooney situation and we got to
try to fucking stop it from happening
Ben Affleck I like you I fucking like
you seem like a smart guy I've seen you
on Real Time with Bill Maher you seem
bright your movies are great while the
ones you direct are great anyway but
you're just not fucking right for this
role maybe you'll prove me wrong though
maybe I will be proven maybe
I'll have to eat crow maybe Ben Affleck
will go on to become the definitive
Batman who is amazing and spectacular
and you can't believe how fucking good E
is in that role and if that happens I
will man up I will do the right thing I
will take this video down and pretend
like it never existed and tell people
that I knew all along that Ben Affleck
was going to be amazing because that's
the kind of man I am
you guys might not know it but there is
a not productive YouTube channel it's
youtube-dot-com forward-slash not
productive the link is down below you
should check it out there's lots of cool
content on there including stuff from
yours truly